

Theme Structure
---------------

In this directory there are three folders:

  - at_core
  - at_admin
  - at_subtheme



AT Core
-------

The core base theme, includes the pluggable layout system, templates,
polyfill scripts, forms, very basic CSS used by core and some admin pages and
a couple CSS files for some theme settings styles, all the core function
overrides and all the core Extension features available to your sub-themes.

You can safely ignore this theme, it's merely there to run in the background
and do the heavy lifting. For developers the code is well commented and I have
tried to structure the theme so its easy to follow. Suggestions, improvements
and of course patches are welcome.



AT Admin
--------

An administration theme, use is entirely optional. This theme was carried
forward from the Drupal 6, which did not have a default admin theme like Drupal
7's Seven theme. AT will work just as well with both admin themes, either Seven
or AT Admin, however issues could arise if you try to use something like Rubrik
or Root Candy (both untested). AT Core heavily styles its theme settings pages
and there is no accounting for what other admin themes might break.



AT Subtheme
-----------

The blank "starterkit" type theme for building your own sub-theme.
This is the one you need and will be most interested in if you are developing
a new theme. Instructions are included in the README in this theme.



Note from the developer...
--------------------------

I hope you enjoy this theme and it provides the tools and experience you are
looking for. I have spent countless hours developing Adaptivetheme in the hope
that it will ease theme development and make your job a little bit more
enjoyable. I enjoy developing and using this theme, I hope you do as well.

At some stage you may need support or simply have a question, or even a bold
new suggestion - please see the issue queue first and submit issues there:

  http://drupal.org/project/issues/adaptivetheme

Happy theming!

Jeff Burnz
Adaptivethemes.com




